[MUSIC]
Now along we've using else, and if
statements.
There's, some, occasions where you might
need to check multiple, different things.
And that is easily possible within Python.
So we're going to set up the page again,
as we have done.
For other, instances, and what we're gonna
do
here, actually instead of having it as
equal to,
we're going to do is greater than, and
we're going to print a is greater than b.
And then we are going to do else and this
is going to have print a is
equal to a and now because obviously we
only have gray set and then equal
we also need to check if something is less
than so what we do now is Lif.
And we do LFA as, if less then B.
And then we have to print and A is less
than B.
Now what we do here is, if we print
[INAUDIBLE] we get the
output of A is less than B, because the
error is less than one.
Now if I change this to three, then we get
A is greater than, and if I
change this to one, then we get the A is
equal to b.
So, that is how an else if statement or an
EL if statement works is an
additional, Is an additional check for if
something is equal to something.
so, cuz you can only have one if statement
and one else
statement, cuz the else statement is
defined is treated as a default.
So if it can't bind anything that's trade,
then it prints out the else.
And the if is just what you use to
initialize this, code box to run.
And so L if is what you, what you run
constantly throughout the rest of the.
Rest of the page.
Now, this is identical to if you wanted to
do,
else, and then, you would have to do if,
within here.
However, it's recommended that you don't
do this, cuz it
can get confusing as to how the code
blocker eventually works.
So, it's recommended that you do el if
instead.
Now you can have as many el if's as
you want, so if you had something where
you're checking
a string, you could check as many strings
as you
wanted, with each one just having a
different el if.
Now I, you could do something where if it
all had the same output
at the end, if it is true, then you do, if
something or something
or something or something or something,
and say well, you can do as many,
that way as well, however it's much more
readable to have it done with elifs.
So, that is how an elif statement works,
thank
you for watching and I will see you soon.
[SOUND]